docs(CRDs): improve note on deprecation (#1623)
containous/traefik-helm-chart: traefik-crds/templates/NOTES.txt

In order to keep CRDs and uninstall this Traefik CRDs Chart, you can follow current upstream procedure:
https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/8127#issuecomment-2196610968

> Setting the value `deleteOnUninstall` to `true` will automatically add the `helm.sh/resource-policy="keep"` annotation to all CRDs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leaving the default value of `deleteOnUninstall` to `false` will automatically add the `helm.sh/resource-policy="keep"` annotation to all CRDs,
```

Reviewer: Reviews are done for that, no problem ;-)
